Added an optional thread `name` parameter to `start_blocking_portal()` (#900)
agronholm/anyio: docs/versionhistory.rst

This library adheres to `Semantic Versioning 2.0 <http://semver.org/>`_.

**UNRELEASED**

> - Added optional thread ``name`` parameter to ``start_blocking_portal()``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added ability to specify thread name in ``start_blocking_portal()``
```

>   (`#900 <https://github.com/agronholm/anyio/issues/818>`_; PR by @davidbrochart)

Author: Yes, I noticed the links below are wrong too?

>   (`#900 <https://github.com/agronholm/anyio/pull/900>`_; PR by @davidbrochart)

Reviewer: Don't override my changes please
```suggestion
  (`#818 <https://github.com/agronholm/anyio/issues/818>`_; PR by @davidbrochart)
```
